# Newsletter – 2025 12 01

## We have a homepage now!
There're still a lot to improve but I'd like to keep revolving events (e.g., annual funding applications, semi-permanent seminar series) on the web, so that especially new people can find it easily. 
[Check out the Newsletter group homepage](https://junsik-gehring-lab.github.io/boston-plant-newsletter/)
Your ideas and information to share are always welcome!
 

## Plant Cell Atlas (PCA) Data Reproducibility Workshop 
**Tags:** organizations, workshop, database, seminars


NOW OPEN for the Three-Part Data Reproducibility Workshop Series (February 9-11, 2026 9:00 AM PST/12:00 PM EST)!

Day 1 (February 9, 2026 - 9:00 AM PST): Version control (git) for single-cell code repositories and recording sample metadata
Day 2 (February 10, 2026 - 9:00 AM PST): Reproducibly running single-cell preprocessing pipelines using Docker
Day 3 (February 11, 2026 - 9:00 AM PST): Using reproducible workflows in R and/or Python for analyzing and visualizing single-cell data

[Register link](https://msu.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_a6uWkFFQTki5Kd-KMEKx2A#/registration)
[PCA Homepage](http://www.plantcellatlas.org/)

<!-- :::ephemeral
type: organization, seminar
title: Plant Cell Atlas (PCA) Data Reproducibility Workshop
tags: organizations, seminars, workshops, databases 
source_newsletter: 2025-11-29
::: -->



## The New England Agroforester 
**Tags:** organizations    
[The New England Agroforester](https://extension.unh.edu/resource/new-england-agroforester-fall-equinox-2025)  
[ADAPT Project](https://extension.unh.edu/agroforestry)  

The Winter Solstice edition of The New England Agroforester is coming out in mid-December, so here's your prompt/reminder to subscribe! 
This quarterly newsletter is brought to you by the ADAPT Project. Based at University of New Hampshire, ADAPT research explores agroforestry's potential as a sustainable strategy for expanding agricultural production in New England while promoting important forest-based goods and services such as climate adaptation and resilience. Integrating research, extension, and education, The New England Agroforester is part of ADAPT's efforts to engage and inspire farmers, landowners, natural resource managers, policy makers, students, and the general public.

Please subscribe and share the link with your networks! We also welcome your suggestions for stories, features, and collaboration. Email agroforestry@unh.edu for more info.

Jess Gerrior, PhD

Communications Specialist, ADAPT Project

Editor, The New England Agroforester

<!-- :::ephemeral
type: organization
title: The New England Agroforester
tags: organizations
source_newsletter: 2025-11-29
::: -->
