# Newsletter – 2025 12 11

## Flagship Pioneering Fellowship
**Tags:** organizations, internships, industry, grants-grads, grants-postdocs

Flagship Pioneering is a Cambridge, MA-based venture creation firm that has launched 100+ ventures over the past 25 years, including Moderna, Inari, and Indigo. [Flagship's Summer Fellowship Program](https://www.flagshippioneering.com/join/fellows) is a paid 12-week program offering an excellent opportunity to explore the creative aspects of early biotech company formation and engage with the broader Boston biotech ecosystem. Flagship regularly extends full-time offers to fellows at the conclusion of the fellowship. See attached flyer and website for additional details. Applications for the summer 2026 fellowship cohort are now open until January 12, 2026.

<!-- :::ephemeral
type: grant
title: Flagship Pioneering Fellowship
tags: organizations, internships, industry, grants-grads, grants-postdocs
source_newsletter: 2025-12-11
::: -->



## Bayer Crop Science 2026 University Mentoring Program
**Tags:** organizations, mentorings, industry

This [mentoring program](https://www.linkedin.com/company/bayer-university-mentoring-program/posts/?feedView=all) requires institutional support. Unfortunately, I don't think there is any university in Boston/Cambrdige (maybe whole MA) participating. If you're interested, talk to your PI or administrative staffs in your institution.  

<!-- :::ephemeral
type: organization
title: Bayer Crop Science 2026 University Mentoring Program
tags: organizations, mentorings, industry
source_newsletter: 2025-12-11
::: -->



## ASPB Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowships Application 
**Tags:** aspb, grants-undergrads

Applications accepted December 1, 2025 - February 2, 2026 (11:59 PM EST)

[The American Society of Plant Biologists (ASPB) Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowships (SURF)](https://aspb-surf.secure-platform.com/a/) fund promising undergraduate students so they can conduct research in plant biology during the early part of their college careers. SURF recipients must present their research at ASPB’s annual Plant Biology meeting in the year following the fellowship award.

<!-- :::ephemeral
type: grant
title: ASPB Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowships Application
tags: aspb, grants-undergrads
source_newsletter: 2025-12-11
::: -->




## 2026 ROOT & SHOOT travel awards
**Tags:** grants-undergrads, grants-grads, grants-postdocs

[2026 ROOT & SHOOT travel awards](https://rootandshoot.org/2026awards/) now open. 

The NSF-funded LEAPS: RCN: ROOT & SHOOT (Rooting Out Oppression Together and SHaring Our Outcomes Transparently) aims to strengthen plant science to become more welcoming to all. Part of this mission involves building strong connections with members of SACNAS, MANRRS, and AISES.

To this end, this project has funds to support a limited number of travel  awards to help defray the costs of attending a plant-science conference (eligible conferences are listed below) for student/mentor pairs affiliated with SACNAS, MANRRS, and AISES. Successful applicants will be reimbursed up to $3000 (per pair; $4000 for international conferences) for appropriate travel-related costs incurred by attending one of the designated plant science conferences.

Eligible conferences 2026 travel award conferences
2026 Maize Genetics Meeting (organized by the Maize Genetics Cooperation, MGC): Feb 26 – Mar 1, 2026, Cologne, Germany.
International Conference on Arabidopsis Research (ICAR) June 22 – 26, 2026, Singapore
Plant Biology 2026 (organized by the American Society of Plant Biologists, ASPB): July 18 – 22, 2026, Ottawa, Canada.
Botany 2026 (organized by the Botanical Society of America, BSA, the American Society of Plant Taxonomists, ASPT, and others): August 1 – 5, 2026, Tucson, AZ.



<!-- :::ephemeral
type: grant
title: 2026 ROOT & SHOOT travel awards
tags: grants-undergrads, grants-grads, grants-postdocs
source_newsletter: 2025-12-11
::: -->
